Add docs for Call Recording (#637)
GetStream/stream-video-flutter: docusaurus/docs/Flutter/05-advanced/05-call-recording.mdx

            : const Icon(Icons.emergency_recording,
                color: Colors.grey),
        onPressed: () {
          if (!recording) {
            // If we are not recording, we can start recording the current call
            call.startRecording();
          } else {
            // If we are recording, we can stop recording the current call
            call.stopRecording();
          }
        },
      ),
    ]);
  },
);
```

### Permissions

Before the user is allowed to start recording, the user must have the corresponding permissions. As a form of best practice, we encourage integrators to check the permissions before allowing users to execute a given action. Permissions for each app and user role can be found on the Stream dashboard. Please visit https://dashboard.getstream.io/ to view and change the permission scope for your app.

### Retrieving the call recordings

The call recording data can be retrieved by calling the `listRecordings()`. By default, this method will use the current call id (`CID`) to look up the recordings for the current call session. The method returns `List<CallRecording>` which allows you to loop over the different recording objects.

:::tip

> Multiple calls can be recorded during a single call session, and a single call CID can also be reused for multiple sessions.

Reviewer: Do you mean that "Multiple recordings can be done during a single call session"?

> Multiple calls can be recorded during a single call session, and a single call CID can also be reused for multiple sessions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multiple recordings can be made during a single call session, and a single call CID can also be reused for multiple sessions.
```
